Update Algolia geolocation docs (#6435)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: marketplace-and-integrations/integrations/algolia.md

To extend the behavior, there are available options:

### Version 2.3.0/3.1.0 and up

> Starting with versions `2.3.0` and `3.1.0`, Algolia comes with geolocation support for records. This comes following a community request detailed [here](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Cms.Integrations/pull/215).

Reviewer: Let's avoid using "here" for links 💪 

```suggestion
Starting with versions `2.3.0` and `3.1.0`, Algolia comes with geolocation support for records. This comes following a [community request](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Cms.Integrations/pull/215).
```

> You can read more about enabling Algolia's geolocation for records through [this](https://www.algolia.com/doc/guides/managing-results/refine-results/geolocation/#enabling-geo-search-by-adding-geolocation-data-to-records) article.

Reviewer: Let's avoid using "this" for links 💪 

```suggestion
You can read more about enabling Algolia's geolocation for records in their [official documentation](https://www.algolia.com/doc/guides/managing-results/refine-results/geolocation/#enabling-geo-search-by-adding-geolocation-data-to-records).
```
